  Lamia Başak Amaç ~ 21601930
  Ege Kaan Eren ~ 21601625
  Alper Kandemir ~ 21703062
  Bora Fenari Köstem ~ 
  Azar Hasanaliyev ~ 21600591
  Kaan Yüksel ~ 
  
  - In what ways you found the project a useful learning experience?
        We were using Android Studio and therefore, we took tutorials to learn the IDE.
Also, we learned how to use different GUI layout patterns such as constraint layout, linear layout and relative layout.
Besides, we gained the skills of preparing UML class diagram and implementing the classes accordingly step by step.
We planned to use Firebase database. Therefore, we learned its structure and how to relate different references
to be used in Bilclub. Moreover, we made use of some external libraries such as picasso, glide etc. So, we learned their 
implementations. We also learned how to cooperate on single project and communicate with each other where necessary.
However, the most important income of this project was probably learning how to debugg our code. Because
we could not know what the problem is in the first place we had to check every possible situation that might cause error.
     
  - What did you dislike about project work?
      We used zoom to communicate with each other but it restricted duration of our meeting. So, we had to recreate a meeting 
by every 40 minutes and it interrupted our talk. Also, we think that we designed a projet beyond our level of knowledge. 
So, we faced difficulties in implementation stage.

  - What was the most difficult aspect of it?
      Undoubtedly, the most difficult part was entegration due to several reasons such as different emulators, different gradle settings, variable names etc. Also, learning how to use database (firebase) was difficult.
      
  - What would you do differently if you had to start over again?
      Less functionality would be better for us because we faced difficulty completing all project. Unluckily, we encountered with Corona-Virus, we couldn't start early to our project. We wish we started our project earlier.
      
  - How much time did you spend on it? 
      We spent 3 weeks to implementation stage.
      
  - Are you proud of what you have achieved?
      Yes, we are really proud of what we achieved because we made relatively sophisticated application.
